Cricket news
IPL 2022: RR vs RCB | Plucky Karthik and Shahbaz pull off a heist against the Royals

Royal Challengers duo swings the match with a brilliant 67-run stand for the sixth wicket; Buttler’s knock and Chahal’s superb spell go in vain for Rajasthan
Just when Yuzvendra Chahal seemed to have broken the back of his former franchise, Dinesh Karthik produced a memorable blitzkrieg to inflict a stunning four-wicket defeat on Rajasthan Royals at the Wankhede Stadium on Tuesday.

Three successive losses have put new skipper Ravindra Jadeja under immense pressure and he would hope his teammates can script a turnaround against the Sunrisers, who too are smarting from two reverses. Battling poor form, opener Ruturaj Gaikwad will be under the scanner when strugglers Chennai Super Kings and Sunrisers Hyderabad face off in the IPL here on Saturday, looking to register their first win.

Karthik’s unbeaten 23-ball 44 and Shahbaz’s 26-ball 45 set up Royal Challengers’ second straight win and Royals’ first loss in three games. Between them, these batters struck four sixes and 11 fours to leave Royals bleeding.

FootBall News
Reliance Foundation Development League to be held in Goa from April 15.Bengaluru FC, Chennaiyin FC, FC Goa, Jamshedpur FC, Kerala Blasters FC, Mumbai City FC and Hyderabad FC have confirmed their participation for the tournament with players born on or after January 1, 2001 eligible to participate
Seven Indian Super League (ISL) clubs and a team from Reliance Foundation Young Champs (RFYC) will take part in the inaugural Reliance Foundation Development League (RFDL) in Goa from April 15 to May 12.

Bengaluru FC, Chennaiyin FC, FC Goa, Jamshedpur FC, Kerala Blasters FC, Mumbai City FC and Hyderabad FC have confirmed their participation for the tournament.Players born on or after January 1, 2001 will be eligible to participate in the league but each team has been granted permission to include up to five players born on or after January 1, 1999 in their squads.

Hockey News:
Star women's hockey striker Vandana eyeing gold in Asian Games.Vandana, a member of India's historic fourth-place finished side in the Tokyo Olympics, is also eyeing a top-two result in this year's FIH Women's World Cup
Star Indian women's hockey team striker Vandana Katariya has set her eyes on wining the gold medal in this year's Asian Games in Hangzhou, China to help them directly qualify for the 2024 Paris Olympics.Vandana, a member of India's historic fourth-place finished side in the Tokyo Olympics, is also eyeing a top-two result in this year's FIH Women's World Cup to be co-hosted by the Netherlands and Spain from July 1 to 17.

"The goal that I have set for myself this year is to help the team win the gold medal in the Asian Games so we can secure our qualification for the 2024 Olympics.

"I am also excited for the World Cup this year, where our goal is to make it into the final of the competition. I am going to work really hard on my technical skills in training, because that is the best way that I can help the team’s cause," Vandana said in a release issued by Hockey India.


